Feature/star 40 (#46)
EscolaLMS/Templates-Email: README.md

[![downloads](https://img.shields.io/packagist/dt/escolalms/templates-email)](https://packagist.org/packages/escolalms/templates-email)
[![downloads](https://img.shields.io/packagist/v/escolalms/templates-email)](https://packagist.org/packages/escolalms/templates-email)
[![downloads](https://img.shields.io/packagist/l/escolalms/templates-email)](https://packagist.org/packages/escolalms/templates-email)

## What does it do

> This package allows you to add template email includes event and email variable

Reviewer: This package allows you to create email notifications for events emitted in Laravel app. 

Each notification is created as a class describing available variables that can be used in Template (which will be created in database and editable through admin panel). This class must be registered using Template facade from Template package, where you specify which Event it is associated with and which Channel it is sent through (e.g. Email channel when defined in this package).

## Installing

- `composer require escolalms/templates-email`
## Template used

> 1. Create event which trigger template email, event must have method getUser(),

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create event which triggers sending email using specified template. This event must implement method getUser() returning User model from LMS Core package.
```

2. Create Class variable, which you will use in mail,

> 3. Register Event in provider. Use `EscolaLms\Templates\Facades\Template::register(Event class, EscolaLms\TemplatesEmail\Core\EmailChannel::class, Variable class);`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Associate your class describing template variables with event and channel through which notifications should be sent. Use `EscolaLms\Templates\Facades\Template::register(Event::class, EscolaLms\TemplatesEmail\Core\EmailChannel::class, Variable::class);`
```

4. Register template in db for admin panel or used `/api/admin/templates`, better described in [Template package](https://github.com/EscolaLMS/Templates)

## Tests

> Run `./vendor/bin/phpunit --filter 'EscolaLms\\TemplatesEmail\\Tests'` to run tests. See [tests](tests) folder as it's quite good staring point as documentation appendix.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run `./vendor/bin/phpunit --filter 'EscolaLms\\TemplatesEmail\\Tests'` to run tests. See [tests](tests) folder as it's quite good starting point as documentation appendix.
```

> Run `./vendor/bin/phpunit --filter 'EscolaLms\\TemplatesEmail\\Tests'` to run tests. See [tests](tests) folder as it's quite good starting point as documentation appendix.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run `./vendor/bin/phpunit --filter 'EscolaLms\\TemplatesEmail\\Tests'` to run tests. See [tests](tests) folder as it contains a basic implementation of Variable (or Template description) class with minimal customisation - a quite good starting point for creating your own.
```
